Recode the navigator pricing feature boxes, in the “Invest in your future benefits,” feature page. Recode to allow for the “Starter,” structure box, to enter the Navigator, create a profile, and only allow limited access to the “claim builder”, feature tab, and code to prevent anyone who access the Navigator through the “Starter,” feature box, and click on the “Get started free,” tab to not allow the user to print or generate the claim package. Only allow for a “view,” of only the portion of the Supporting Documentation / statement memorandum that displays the top portion of front page. Then code for the Navigator to prompt a pop-up box, informing the user, they must upgrade their access to the “Pro, Premium, or Delux,” plan to allow for full access to generate claim package,” when the user clicks onto the “print, Download PDF, Generate AI Claim Memorandum, or Save finished claim,” feature tabs when clicked on by the user. Lock and prevent printing capabilities if the account is started using the “starter,” feature box and click on the “Get Started Free,” feature tab. 
Then recode to allow for full access to all features in the Navigator when the user, uses the “pro,” feature box, and click on the “start pro trial,” feature tab then the Navigator will create a pop-up box feature, with a text “pay now,” tab, and when the user clicks on the “pay now,” tab, the tab links the user to the connected pay link, to allow the user to pay and gain full access to the Navigator and enable the “print,” and “Download PDF,” feature tabs, allowing the user to Generate claim package and download and print. 
Then recode to allow for full access to all features in the Navigator when the user, uses the “Premium,” feature box, and click on the “Go Pro,” feature tab then the Navigator will create a pop-up box feature, with a text “pay now,” tab, and when the user clicks on the “pay now,” tab, the tab links the user to the connected pay link, to allow the user to pay and gain full access to the Navigator and enable the “print,” and “Download PDF,” feature tabs, allowing the user to Generate claim package and download and print. 
Then recode to allow for full access to all features in the Navigator when the user, uses the “Delux,” feature box, and click on the “Go Delux,” feature tab then the Navigator will create a pop-up box feature, with a text “pay now,” tab, and when the user clicks on the “pay now,” tab, the tab links the user to the connected pay link, to allow the user to pay and gain full access to the Navigator and enable the “print,” and “Download PDF,” feature tabs, allowing the user to Generate claim package and download and print. 
Recode the “Pro,” feature box, and remove the text “start pro trail,” and add the text “Go Pro.”
Recode the text pre-populated “Welcome Back Veteran,” in the upper right hand corner of the Navigator page, to automatically have the last name that automatically populates, to all have the first letter of the last name to always be capitalized.
Recode so the “First Name,” feature box always has the first letter of the First name capitalized. Recode so the “Last Name,” feature box always has the first letter of the Last name capitalized.
