Recode “claim navigator” dashboard page with the following:
Code to Only enable the “My Profile,” tab feature,” when the user opens the page  the first time, and disable all other feature tabs, and feature boxes on the dashboard page. Then code for the “Start New Claim,” tab feature, to have a pop-up box instructing the user with the text, “Must go to My Profile before starting new claim.” These features are needed to have the user input all “Personal Information,” before the Navigator can be activated to build the claim. Code for if the “My profile,” feature page is not complete prior to clicking on “start new claim,” feature tab, the user will not be able to open any other feature tabs or feature blocks.
Then code, so when the user goes into the “Personal info,” feature tab and clicks on the “Personal info,” tab, the user must input all applicable feature boxes and tabs. Then code so when the user clicks on “Save changes,” tab feature, the page automatically goes to the next page “Service History,” page and automatically, enables all dashboard feature tabs, and feature boxes, and all other tabs and feature boxes.
Recode so when the user is on the Medical History & Conditions,” page, and if the user clicks on the “add condition,” feature tab, before clicking “yes,” or “no,” in the “Are you currently service connected”, feature box, the code to have a pop-up window box bordered in red highlight appear and tells the user in text “You must answer the are you currently service connect tab, before adding condition.” Then code for when the user clicks on the drop-down menu, and clicks on the text “no,” then the Current Diagnoses feature box automatically remains empty and unpopulated, and a pop-up window box bordered in red highlight appears and tells the user in text “Click on save all changes tab below to move forward.” Then code to have the next page automatically turn to the next feature page “Intelligent claim builder,” feature page.
Recode so when the user is on the Medical History & Conditions,” page, and if the user clicks on the “are you currently service connected,” drop down box and clicks “yes,” then code to enable the “current Rating percentage,” drop down box, so the user can select one of the pre-populated numbers in the dropdown box.  Then code to have the “Current Diagnoses,” and “Private Medical providers,” features boxes enabled so the user can input the data and/or information. Then code so when the “save all changes,” tab is clicked, the next page automatically, turns to the “claim builder.” 
Then code to remove the gold “add condition,” feature button removed and deleted from the navigator “tell us about the condition,” feature page. Then code to have the text “what is the medical condition,” slightly larger.
Then code to have the “Presumptive,” feature box deleted and removed from the “type of service connection Feature box.
Then Recode the Intelligent claim builder, “tell us about the condition,” text to be removed and deleted from the navigator, and then recode to have the text “Add your Disability/Injury To Be Claimed Below.” 
Then recode the “Symptoms & Severity, feature page, so when the blue “continue,” button is clicked on, and have a pop-up window box bordered in red highlight appear and tells the user in text “Click the add condition tab to add more claims or click on continue to move forward.” Then code so when the blue “Continue,” button is clicked to turn to the next page, to “Evidence for claims,” feature page will automatically turn to the “evidence for claims” feature page. 
Recode to delve deeper into the navigator system to allow for all the “view,” tab’s in the “Evidence for claims,” feature page,” to be researched to discover the issue why it is not allowing the “View,” feature tab, to allow the user to preview the uploaded documents. Then fix the issue which is preventing the “View,” tab from working properly and make sure the issue is fix and no longer an issue.  
Recode to delve deeper into the navigator system to allow for all the “print,” “download PDF,” tab’s in the “Review & Generate Claim package,” feature page,” to be researched to discover how to prevent and remove the “VA claim file with confidence,” and date and time,” stamp feature on the printed document to be removed and also removed from the print preview page. 
