Recode “va claim navigator” main page with the following:
Recode the “log in,” page so after the email and password has been inputted, and the remember me for 30 days box is checked, all log in information will be saved and automatically inputted and populated for thirty (30) calendar days.
Recode the “log in,” page so when the “forgot password,” tab is clicked, there is a new log in page is recreated, and the recreated page will require matching email address that matches the original log in feature within the create your account screen. Then create a “new password" feature, then create a “verify password" feature. If the entered passwords do not match, the feature tab that has the incorrect password feature tab will create a red highlight along the feature tabs border line. Then create a “submit” feature and when the that feature tab is clicked, the system will verify that both password inputs match,  and when it matches, the log in page will return to current log in screen.
Recode the “log in,” page that when the password is placed in the box feature, the text that is inputted, will create a black box the size of the text, so the password cannot be seen. 
Recode the “log in,” page and add “show password,” feature, and when the feature is clicked on, the black boxes covering the password, will then remove and allow for the password to be visible. 
Remove the blue background color scheme at the bottom of the page and make it white to match the same color scheme as above. Keep color scheme the same and match like the first pages. 
Remove the “monthly compensation” feature section and raise up the below portion of the page up to be closer to the center of the page, maintain professional spacing.

Recode “claim navigator” dashboard page with the following:
Recode the “Personal Info” tab feature, on the “User Profile” page,  the “save changes,” feature tab on the bottom right of the page, so when the feature is clicked on, all data inputted will be saved and stored, and all data will be visible when the user is on the user profile page. 
Remove the box feature (on left side of the personal information box), and all features within the box, the avatar, avatar box, name and all features within the box removed.

Recode the “Service History” tab feature for the following:
Enable the “add deployment” tab feature so when the tab is clicked on, a drop-down text box is created so the box will be able to receive text, and it can be added and saved with all other inputted data.
Enable the “Add Service Period” tab feature so when the tab is clicked on, a new “service history,” page will populate and add an additional “Service Period” feature, with all pre-populated features match all feature tabs on the current service period 1 section.
Enable the “save service details” tab feature so when the tab is clicked on, all data, text or information inputted will be saved that was added.
Enable the “Remove Period” tab feature so when the tab is clicked on, the Service period section will automatically delete all data deleted and not saved. Enable the “remove period,” on every service period box feature when added.

Recode the “Medical History and Conditions” page for the following:
Enable the  “Add condition” tab feature so when the tab is clicked on it will automatically create a new “Current Diagnoses,” box.
Enable the “edit” tabs so when the tab is clicked on, it will allow for “tinnitus” diagnoses section can be edited and/or deleted. Then under the “tinnitus” diagnoses text, the text box will allow for a diagnosed date to be inputted, then allow text space for “Dr. “Smith,” can be edited and/or deleted, and then allow text space for “(VA Medical Center),” can be edited and/or deleted. Enable this feature for every condition and added conditions.
Enable the “private Medical Providers,” section so when the “add Private Provider,” tab feature is clicked on, a text box will populate so data can be added. 
Remove the text “we can help request these records,” on the bottom of the page.

Recode the “Claim Builder,” feature and create an “add condition,” tab feature in the upper right hand corner with the same location and feature as in the “medical conditions,” section on the profile page, so when the tab is clicked on, a new “Tell us about the condition,” section box feature will repopulate. Enable the “add Condition,” tab feature to recreate an additional “Tell us about the Condition,” feature box, every time the “add condition,” tab is clicked on. 
Code the “Claim-builder,” section to have an unlimited amount of “Tell us about the condition,” to be added, and allows the page to automatically extend to create space for all additional “tell us about the condition,” box sections. 
Code the “Claim-builder,” section “symptoms & Severity” box feature and current features, to automatically duplicate a new “Symptoms & Severity,” feature page automatically populates for every “Tell us about the condition,” generated. So, for every condition added with have an equal amount of “symptoms & Severity,” section tabs.
Code the “Claim-builder,” section to automatically have the “warrior Coach” feature, add a “Tip,” for every new condition added and for every “symptoms & Severity,” section added. Also Code for the “AI Insight,” feature box, to automatically provide insight as to every condition related to military job and/or duties while in the military.
Code the “Claim-builder,” section “Service Connection” box feature, to allow for the “Presumptive,” box feature, to also be clicked on or off, when the “direct service connection,” or “secondary condition,” box featured is clicked on.
Code to enable the “Claim-builder,” section “Claim Ready for Evidence,” feature page, to Enable the “Generate Evidence List” tab feature so when the tab is clicked on, it will automatically create the feature, which will allow for documents to be uploaded and saved. Code to create a feature so when documents have been uploaded, the feature will allow for the featured section, allow to view uploaded documents where the document data is saved, by creating a “view,” tab feature. 
Code to allow for an edit, by creating an edit feature tab, and when the tab is clicked on, the uploaded documents can be removed and automatically deleted.
Code to allow for edit of the “summary,” subsection’s “condition,” “Severity,” and “Connection,” that will automatically populate the current subsections with the condition, severity and connection data that was inputted in the “conditions basics,” Symptoms & severity,” and “service connection sections.”
Code and create a “next,” tab feature in blue that is consistent with the current formatted features, placed underneath the “generate evidence list,” box feature. Code to create the “Review,” page to display for when the “next,” feature tab is clicked on. 
Code for when the “next”, tab feature is clicked for review, the Navigator, will then immediately begin the processing of reviewing, interpreting all data inputted in the “Intelligent Claim Builder,” feature pages and tabs. Code for the Navigator to review and interpret the documents uploaded into the Navigator. Then Code for the Navigator to do deep research, using all current AI tools within the Navigator, to gather all current data, information, laws, and authority under 38 CFR part 4 using this website for current data for Veteran Disabilities (https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-38/chapter-I/part-4), and current rules and procedures set by the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs. Use any and/or all case law, case examples and references that applies to every medical condition, or medical condition, or medical diagnosis, that has been inputted into the “Intelligent Claim Builder.” Only provide up to two referenced cases, and/or examples when processing and collating all combined data, information, documents, and all supportive data which will be in favor of the veteran using the navigator.
Then code for the Navigator to create a legally correct and compliant Supplemental Disability Claim, in memorandum form. Use the attached document titled “VA Claim Statement), to use as the example of what the final document should be organized, and formatted. Code for the Navigator to learn, duplicate, memorialize and create a memorandum that mirrors the sample attachment. Code for the Navigator to be able to generate a new memorandum for every user using the Navigator. Code for when the Navigator has completed all data developing, reviewing, and applying all data necessary and related data to every users medical claims, diagnosis, and/or medical conditions inputted in the “Intelligent Claim Builder;” Then Code for the Navigator to create a memorandum to establish a legally correct disability claim statement, using the attached memorandum as the outline and template example.
Code for the Navigator to review the attached sample document, and create the memorandum with the names, social security (SSN), and all other personal information, to mirror the sample attached memorandum. Code for the Navigator to use the user’s information from the Navigators “User Profile, Personal Information,” section page, to be inputted in the generated memorandum in all the places of that is placed within the attached sample memorandum document.   
Then Code for the Navigator to create a rough draft of the memorandum that can be displayed in the “Review,” section page of the Navigator, upon completion of collating all applicable data. 
Then Code to create a “Print Document,” feature tab to allow for the Navigator to create a tangible printable version of the memorandum for all users of the Navigator. 
Remove all “common questions” features and all data within the boxed area underneath the “tip” border box on every page.  
Remove the “statement tools” feature and all sub feature “lay statement,” and “buddy statements.”  generator,” “appeals & supplemental hub,” and “TDIU calculator” box features on the main page dashboard.
Remove the “Statement Tools,” feature in the dashboard.
Remove the “Appeals Hub,” feature in the dashboard.
Remove the “TDIU Calculator” feature in the dashboard.
Remove the “Upcoming Tasks”.
Remove all three social media, and email features on the bottom of the right side of the main page.


